Update custom dashboards annotations (#392)
kiali/kiali.io: content/documentation/staging/runtimes-monitoring/index.adoc

icon:lightbulb[size=2x]{nbsp} *Modifying Built-in Dashboards*: If you want to modify or remove a built-in dashboard, you can set its new definition in the Kiali CR's `spec.custom_dashboards`. Simply define a custom dashboard with the same name as the built-in dashboard. To remove a built-in dashboard so Kiali doesn't use it, simply define a custom dashboard by defining only its name with no other data associated with it (e.g. in `spec.custom_dashboards` you add a list item that has `- name: <name of built-in dashboard to remove>`.

=== Create new dashboards per namespace or workload

> The custom dashboards defined at Kiali CR are available per all namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The custom dashboards defined in the Kiali CR are available for all workloads in all namespaces.
```
